# dats-6450-hw1
In this homework you will be analyzing presidential debate texts. Specifically, you will be trying to identify rhetorical questions in the debate text. We will operate that a rhetorical question is a sentence that is a question, but that is not answered by another speaker. In the context of this debate text, we will assume that a rhetorical question is any that occurs within a single speaker's response.

So for example, the following would be considered rhetorical for our purposes: I have one last part here. I decided I was dumb and didn't understand it, so I called the "Who's Who" of the folks that have been around it. ==An example rhetorical question ==> And I said, "Why won't everybody go south?" They say, "It would be disruptive." ==An example rhetorical question ==> I said, "For how long?" I finally got them up for 12 to 15 years. ==An example rhetorical question ==> And I said, "Well, how does it stop being disruptive?" And that is, when their jobs come up from $1 an hour to $6 an hour, and ours go down to $6 an hour, then it's leveled again. But in the meantime, you've wrecked the country with these kinds of deals. We've got to cut it out.

A key task here will be to iterate through all the debates and then segment the speech into sentences. Identify the sentences which are questions or contain questions. The only thing to check for is whether it is at the end of a speaker turn.

For stretch goals that could count as extra credit, you can try to identify who said the rhetorical question (which would require tracking which part of the debate you are in). Also, you could try to identify what the repsonse to the question was. You could further examine the ways in which the rhetorical questions might differ from other statements.
